Single connect integration (#22386)
demisto/content: Packs/SingleConnect/README.md

Single Connect is an SAPM product that enables enterprises to remove static passwords stored in applications by instead keeping passwords in a secure password vault. Single Connect provides a token-based authentication for 3rd party applications when accessing the password vault. This authentication process verifies the application identity and gives secure access to the password associated with that identity.

## What does this pack do?

> This integration provides the following commands for Shared Account Password Management (SAPM):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pack includes commands for Shared Account Password Management (SAPM):
```

Author: Hi @ostolero , 
Thank you, I've applied your suggestion
